some typos (#42)
contributing-to-kubernetes/gnosis: stories/e2e-tests/README.md

```
kind create cluster --image kindest/node:latest --config test-run.yaml --wait 5m
```
**Note** if you get stuck at creating control-plane; check your image and rebuild it or run with default image.

> 

Author: for me after running kind it stuck in creating control panel and in logs there was no related log to control panel I just use default kind image and problem solved.

```
$GOPATH/src/k8s.io/kubernetes/_output/bin/ginkgo $GOPATH/src/k8s.io/kubernetes/_output/bin/e2e.test -- \
  --kubeconfig=$HOME/.kube/config --host="$CONTROL_PLANE_URL" --provider=skeleton \
  --ginkgo.focus="Downward API volume should provide podname only"
```

The magic here is that the e2e.test binary is a precompiled version of
Kubernetes tests.
Ginkgo uses it to essentially run `go test` behind the scenes.

> Flags --kubeconfig --host --provider are args of our go test code, which is "Downward API volume should provide podname only" the test we ran can be (currently) found here:

Reviewer: Mmm so this is not completely accurate because the e2e test ("Downward API volume...") is part of the go test code but the flags are not specifically for it.

Author: yeah you are right, this PR is for a long ago and now I understand. naming args maybe be helpful.
```suggestion
All the flags (kubeconfig, host, provider) we used mingle with our Kubernetes e2e test binary to run some Go
code.
For example, the test we ran can be (currently) found here:
```

```
ginkgo example-e2e-test.test -- --test-flag cool-framework --ns ci
```

> test-flag and ns will be passed to example-e2e-test go code.

Reviewer: I think we may need to enhance this and possibly explain that the flags are passed as positional parameters and later on are parsed as flags again.
ref https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/11376/what-does-double-dash-mean#:~:text=5%20Answers&text=More%20precisely%2C%20a%20double%20dash,only%20positional%20parameters%20are%20accepted.
